Psalm 11 to the chief musician a psalm
Psalm 11 to the chief musician a psalm of David in the Lord I put
of David in the Lord I put
of David in the Lord I put trust how can you say to my soul flee as
trust how can you say to my soul flee as
trust how can you say to my soul flee as a bird to your Mountain for look the
a bird to your Mountain for look the
a bird to your Mountain for look the wicked bend their bow they make ready
wicked bend their bow they make ready
wicked bend their bow they make ready their arrow on the string that they may
their arrow on the string that they may
their arrow on the string that they may shoot secretly at the upright in heart
shoot secretly at the upright in heart
shoot secretly at the upright in heart if the foundations are destroyed what
if the foundations are destroyed what
if the foundations are destroyed what can the righteous do the Lord is in his
can the righteous do the Lord is in his
can the righteous do the Lord is in his holy temple the Lord's throne is in
holy temple the Lord's throne is in
holy temple the Lord's throne is in heaven
heaven
heaven his eyes behold his eyelids test the
his eyes behold his eyelids test the
his eyes behold his eyelids test the sons of men the Lord tests the righteous
sons of men the Lord tests the righteous
sons of men the Lord tests the righteous but the wicked and the one who loves
but the wicked and the one who loves
but the wicked and the one who loves violence his soul hates upon the wicked
violence his soul hates upon the wicked
violence his soul hates upon the wicked he will rain coals fire and brimstone
he will rain coals fire and brimstone
he will rain coals fire and brimstone and a burning wind shall be the portion
and a burning wind shall be the portion
and a burning wind shall be the portion of their Cup for the Lord is righteous
of their Cup for the Lord is righteous
of their Cup for the Lord is righteous he loves righteousness his countenance
he loves righteousness his countenance
he loves righteousness his countenance be holds the upright